This repository contains the house style for the Offline2On website.  The
following are each of our explicitly defined house styles:

* [Offline2On house style for generic text](text-generic.md)
* [Offline2On house style for web graphics](graphics-web.md)
* [Offline2On house style for print graphics](graphics-print.md)

## When to Use

The house style is to be used for all published work.

Unpublished work is not required to use the house style.  The goal of a house
style is to make us look more professional via rigorous consistency; in short,
if it's not visible to a normal customer, then it doesn't have to follow the
house style.

Internally published work straddles a gray area; without being public, it's
often not worth the time to perfectly follow the house style, however some
internally published works can obtain a level of notoriety that tempts writers
into copying-and-pasting text into other works, some of which may be public.
Use best judgement.

## Definitions

**Style guides** allow us to produce work (most commonly text) that is written
consistently despite being written by multiple people.  A common example of
something enforced by a style guide is how a time is formatted; for example,
whether we use AM, A.M., a.m., or something else.  *(the correct spelling at
Offline2On is a.m., by the way.)*

**Personas** allow us to identify — literally, by a fictional person's name —
a specific actor in a scenario.  Personas are most commonly used by designers
and writers to efficiently declare the target audience of a user interface or
block of text.  A common example of when a persona is used is when someone
asks for a tutorial written; by being specific about the persona for whom the
tutorial is targeted, the writer can fine-tune the voice and vocabulary used
to optimize knowledge retention on behalf of the reader.  Personas are often
thoroughly written, all the way down to the mental/emotional state of the
person, and what they need/want to hear to achieve their goals.

Personas should exist at an organization, but they operate at a level higher
than a style guide.  Personas are more in the ballpark of *what is the
customer feeling right now and how do we talk to them*, whereas a style guide
is more in the ballpark of *what is the correct capitalization of Offline2On?*
As such, a repository designed to contain the house style often does not also
contain personas.

Personas can sometimes have dedicated style guides.  For this reason, we (the
style guide) acknowledge that personas exist, and we may even have specific
house styles for specific house personas.  This, despite the style guide not
being responsible for defining personas.
